Docs/packer seo templates batch1 (#13282)
hashicorp/packer: website/content/docs/templates/hcl_templates/contextual-variables.mdx

---
page_title: Contextual variables reference
description: >-

>   Source variabls, build variables, and other special variables are context dependent. Learn about contextual variables that provide connection and instance state information.

Reviewer: Combining with your sentence below:
```suggestion
  Source variables, build variables, and other special variables are context dependent. Learn about contextual variables that return connection and basic instance state information based on configuration context.
```

Author: ```suggestion
  Source variables, build variables, and other special variables are context dependent. Learn about contextual variables that return connection and instance state information.
```
